# Day2 Summer Training 2021 Daily Self-Reflection

## Date: 23 May 2021
## Summary:

✅ We need only OS(RAM,CPU) to run a program. To store the program we need harddisk  

✅ Program is the code file stored in the harddisk. Process is the code when we excute that code it gets loads on RAM. In short file in harddisk is the program, and file on RAM is the process.

✅ Differnet types of physical hardware:

- Bare Metal: A bare-metal server is a computer server that hosts one tenant, or consumer, only.

- Virtualization: virtualization of computers as complete hardware platforms, certain logical abstractions of their componentry, or only the functionality required to run various operating systems.

- Cloud Computing: Cloud computing is the on-demand availability of computer system resources, especially data storage and computing power, without direct active management by the user. The term is generally used to describe data centers available to many users over the Internet.

- Containerization: this type of physical hardware uses docker or other tools which is the containerization platform which is used to package the application and all its dependencies together in the form of containers.

✅ There are 3 different ways to interact with the OS
- GUI
- CLI
- API

✅ To kill or terminate the process we use 'left-Ctrl + c'.

✅ To pause the process and put it in the Background we use 'left-Ctrl + z'.

✅ Source code projects are those projects whose source code is available publicly and can be modified by a contributor. This is known as open-source.

✅ 'which <program/file name>' linux command is used to search path of any program

✅ Python is called a cross-platform because it can run on almost all systems like Linux, mac, windows etc

✅ os module in python is used to execute os commands
eg: 
import os
os.system("date")

✅ The 3 types of interpreter that python supports are :

- Online interpreter(in the terminal, here the code can't be saved)

- Offline interpreter(in the text editor, we can save the code in a file with py extension)

- IDE