#SummerTraining2021
Session 7: 28th May 2021
Summary:
🔰1. Categorical Variables are strings and have a dependency on the target value and can have different weights. Categorical variables are qualitative variables. It isn't numerical but a string. It describes data that fits into categories. In short Categorical values are the values in which variables can be categorized into separate variables among themselves.
🔰2. The variable which is countable and discrete in nature and not continuous is known as a categorical variable.
Ex:- name of cities 
🔰3. Conversion of categorical variables into individual variables after this we get a variable that has its own weightage. These individual variables are called dummy variables. These are used in regression analysis.
🔰4. we can't create a model if we have multi-Collinearity between the different features in our dataset because we get stuck in a dummy variable trap.
🔰5. For removing multi-collinearity, we have to do feature elimination.
🔰6. We can avoid the dummy variable trap by making all the features independent by eliminating/reducing one of the created dummy variables.

🔰7. One hot encoding is the way in which we use to convert the categorical variable into dummy variables.

🔰8.  Conversion of string value into the number is called label encoding for this we use label encoder () function.
🔰9. Encoding the Categorical values into multiple features/columns, this type of encoding is known as OneHot Encoding.
🔰10. reshape method with -1 and 1 as arguments passed is used to convert 1d array to 2d.
🔰11. vstack adds the NumPy array vertically whereas the hstack function adds horizontally.
🔰12. Tuple is immutable and is represented in parentheses whereas list is mutable and is represented in square brackets.

🔰13. OpenCV is a library that gives you facilities to do image processing by letting your webcam work with the python program.

🔰14. • read() function of cv2 module is used to read an image and imshow() function is used to display the image. read() function is used to capture the photo in OpenCV

🔰15. methods of OpenCV used to show image are
cv2.imshow() is used to display the picture in a new window tab
 cv2.destroyAllWindows is used to destroy or close the picture window without crashing it.

🔰16. cv2.waitkey() is used to set the expiry time for the picture to be displayed 