#Day16
#Summer_Program
10 June 2021
Summary - Morning:
✅ Jenkins is an automation tool for CI and CD. Which helps developer to build, test, deploy the application in such a way now that developer can have more time for improving finding out what new features can bee implemented next.

✅ GitHub is a cloud base service that helps to manage git hub repos.

✅ Git is a Version Control System that helps to keep the track of changes made in code.

✅ The entry point is the start point of any function. Every time our program starts. Then entry point is the first thing to be executed first. Inside which other programs can be executed. In flutter main ( ) is the entry point.

✅ sys. args sys module in python is used for creating a program non -interactive.

✅ As discussed earlier flutter is the framework by which we can able to build apk, iOS application. Flutters one of the main features is one hot reload.

✅ Canva is the plain environment on top of which we can add more features i.e functionality such as buttons, text etc.

✅ Style property helps us to choose which type of font style we want . Just like Fonts style we see in our mobile settings . As we know flutter is a framework to develop
✅ Widget is a feature by which we can add text, images etc on top of our screen when needed . Even our mobile 📱 screen is also a big widget inside which we can add small small items based on user requirements.

Summary - Evening:
✅ If we want to recognize our face then we can use CNN or we can use a program to detect our face this kind of programs have vast scope by which we can build app such as face lock systems etc.

✅ LBPH is a type also etc By which we can train our model to detect our face we also use the harrcascade algorithm to know face coordinate.

✅ LBPH is a type of algorithm which is a simple and effective texture operator which Labels the pixels of an image by thresholding the neighborhood of each pixel. This also is only design for face recognition. Local Binary Pattern Histogram.

✅ While collecting our data set we need different angles or views so that we get good data set so that in the future if we got a scenario if we are far from can they can detect our face.

✅ We may get errors while training our face detection using haar cascade but it's not an issue they will get output finally.

✅ We need a Python library named OpenCV-control-python which is used in LBPH. while installing Library if it shows any error then we have to use --user at the end of the pip install command.

✅ Output / Target is also called a Label that can be used to identify. Eg data 1,data2,data3are the label which helps to train our model.

✅ Some of the real use case for face recognition are :

1. We can use it to send SMS / mail to detect unknown person wonder we can use this to train to detect animals in village area using solar-powered cam so that it can alert people to be safe.

2. Like we unlock our mobile from our face we can use some kind of approach to launch Instances on top of the cloud using some kind of code etc.

✅ We can collect data in 2 form
1.By live capture using some kind of code
2. We can use already having images that were clicked manually.

