# SummerTraining2021
## Session 11: 4 June  2021
## Summary - Morning

✅ Back propagation or Feed forwarding in NN means to adjust the weight and bias values each time after calculation and checking for the least error value both are algorithms that are continuously used while creating the model.
✅ Optimizers are used to update weights and biases in such a way that are directed towards the best weight and bias with least error value.
✅ In NN model we use the no.of neurons depends on the use case and we increase accordingly in such scenario we need more computational power that can be offered by GPU so it is recommended to use GPU.
✅ The parameters that are to be in control for better accuracy and optimized model are known as hyper parameters.
✅ ReLU is the name of activation function which we use in training our NN model,
✅ The algo or program that sets the initial values are known as initializers and in NN the bias initializer will initialize the bias value and kernal initializer go with weight value.
✅ Flutter is a framework by google which we can use for developing native and beautiful UI apps.
✅ Dart is the language which is used by flutter.
✅ Flutter is available as a package from internet we can download and install with ease.
✅ Android studio is another application that provides the required sdks and tools for flutter functionality.
✅ flutter config command we use to configure the path for our android studio and android sdk needed for flutter.
✅ flutter doctor command is used to check whether everything is configured for flutter or not.