#Day18
#Summer_Program
16 June 2021
Summary:
✅ Categorical Variables are strings and have dependency on the target value and can have different weights.

✅ Categorical variables are qualitative variables. It isn't numerical but a string. It describes data that fits into categories. 

✅ In short Categorical values are the values in which variables can be categorized into separate variables among themselves.

✅ The variable which is countable and discrete in nature and not continuous is known as a categorical variable.
Ex:- name of cities 

✅ Conversion of categorical variables into individual variables after this we get a variable that has its own weightage. These individual variables are called dummy variables. These are used in regression analysis.

✅ .to_categorical() under the module keras.utils.np_utils or by using pandas.get_dummies( ), we can convert categorical variables into dummy variables.

✅ Accuracy is directly proportional to the number of neurons and the value of epochs.

✅ RMSprop optimizer is used in Multi-Classification.
✅ To convert the datatype of the variable, we use astype() function.
for ex: x_train_1d.astype(float32)
✅ Google Colab is a powerful platform based on Jupyter notebook for learning and quickly developing machine learning models in Python. It supports collaborative development.
✅ By using (!) sign we can run the os command on google co-lab
✅ In the "Keras. backend" module there is a function clear_session(), which helps in clearing session. Another way to clear the session is "kernel restart".
✅ If we have done the model training for the data in the 2D format so at the time of the testing or predicting also we have to provide the data to the model in the 2d format.
✅ while training we have to provide it in format 2D because of multiple inputs that's why we have to do the same thing while predicting.
✅ The scaffold is a widget in a flutter, which helps to create or provides many widgets like SnackBar, BottomNavigationBar, FloatingActionButton, AppBar etc. 
✅ AppBar is a function that creates the Home page header or Bar which comes under the scaffold widget.

✅ The structure of mobile application consists of parent class and child class
✅ The app bar function provides the title property to add the title to our application.
✅ We can add action button using : action[IconButton(onpressed:onpressed, icon:icon)].
✅ We can add "IconBotton()" to add an action button inside the action.
✅ The icon button widget is used to add a button.
✅ creation of func in flutter: 
function_name(){
…/body/
…
}
✅ print() method in Java is used to display text on the console.
whereas text function show output on the app screen.