#SummerTraining2021
Session 4: 25th May 2021
Summary:
🔰1. List and NumPy.array are the data types that allow storing multiple values inside one variable.
🔰2. Slicing is a method to retrieve some particular values or range of values from a list.
semicolon is the slicing operator [ : ].
🔰3. Libraries are the collection of packages and modules. Methods are the functions in modules.
🔰4. Numpy Array datatype in python supports column-wise operations.
🔰5. Pandas module is used to import the dataset file.
import pandas
pandas.read_csv('pra.csv')
🔰6. To retrieve data from a particular column:
vari_name[ column_index, row_index] or var_name [ : , : ].
🔰7. Simple Linear Regression is a core of Machine learning. linear regression is a method to find relationships/coefficients/weights between correlated items. In Linear regression, we have Y=cX+b where 
y is the dependent variable (DV) /estimation/target, 
x is the independent variable (IV) /feature/parameter, 
c is the slope/weightage/coefficient 
b is the bias.

🔰8. By using the reshape statement in python we can convert the array from 1D to 2D or any.

🔰9. Fit method is used to adjust the weight according to the data values to get better results and accuracy in short fit method performs training and transform method helps in transforming all the features.
 fit_transform does both the fitting and the transforming in one possibly optimized step.
changing the pandas variable in numpy "X=X.values"

🔰10. The joblib module in python helps in saving or importing a model.