#lwsummer2021 #selfreflection
Session 8: 1 June 2021

✅ While creating an ML model one should select the features that are correlated with the target value and if some non correlated feature exist then we should go feature elimination similarly with the features with more Null values as well.
✅ Regression is nothing but which includes the continuous values whereas in classification we have the target variable of different kinds.. For example when we consider binary classification it has two possible values of target.
✅ hue is the keyword which we use to add a variable which we will select as criteria along with another variable to plot a graph combinely.
✅ heatmap() method is one of the way which we can use for better visualization of our features to select.
✅ the variable.isnull() function gives the all the null value positions in our dataset.
✅ drop() method in pandas we have to drop any row/column from our dataset and we use axis=0/axis=1 for row and column drop respectively.
✅ Data imputation is the process that we use while cleaning the dataset or preprocessing it is to fill the null values with some reasonable values to get better results from our model.
✅ concat() method helps in combining the columns one after the other.

✅ dropna() is used to drop any row which is having a null value in any of its feature. 
✅ iloc function in pandas will help us in slicing the data as we do in the lists. 
✅ A Classification problem that has only 2 possible target values for example true or false, male or female, etc.