# SummerTraining2021
## Session 14: 06 June 2021
## Summary - Morning

✅ Gradient Descent is one of the most used algorithms in Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Where the gradient is the slope and decent means downward.

✅ Gradient Descent is an optimization algo that finds the parameters that minimize the cost function (error in prediction). 

✅ Gradient Descent does this by iteratively moves toward a set of parameter values that minimize the function, taking steps in the opposite direction of the gradient.

✅ Learning rate is one of the hyper-parameter that defines the adjustment in the weights of our network with respect to the loss gradient descent. It determines how fast or slows we will move towards the optimal weights.

✅ As the slope increases the loss decreases. so we can say slope/gradient is directly proportional to loss.

✅ The default value of the learning rate is 0.001.

✅ If we use a very high learning rate, it can or gets stuck in an infinite loop and keep on fluctuating between 2 values. Due to which we can miss the best accuracy of the model.

✅ Named arguments can be defined as arguments that are passed to a function in the form of key-value pair.
✅ In the positional argument, we have to pass all the values according to the positions of arguments defined in the function. If we fail to do it will assign value in another variable it may create confusion because the real world does not work on the static concepts.
✅ AVD is a virtual mobile device which we can use for the testing purpose.

✅ When we run the AVD manager (or virtual device) then it consumes nearly around 3 to 4 GB of ram so to avoid that we can launch our application in our mobile phones itself by switching our mobile to developer mode.
To Set your phone into developer mode there are number of steps which are as follows:
i.   Use a USB cable to connect your phone to the PC/Laptop. 
ii.  Go to settings.
iii. look for About Phone then for build version. 
iv.  Tap for about 3-7 times.
v.   Then the setting is done for your android app to run on a mobile phone.
vi.  We also have to allow a USB Debugger.

✅ Flutter is made on top of Dart language and it helps to develop applications too.

✅ The syntax for displaying the value in a user-defined function in dart language.
Language is:-
fn(val)
{
return(name) ;
}

main()
{
print(fn("hi"));
}

#SummerTraining2021
Session 14: 06 June 2021
Summary - Evening
✅ Convolve means detecting edges by combining convolution layers and filters.
✅ matplotlib library is used for plotting graphs in python . The "-o" attribute of the plot function helps us to draw a line between all the points on the graph and connect all the data points together.
✅ The Convolution layer selects the best kernel over the training phase and use a filter that makes a decision and gets the kernel.
✅ In the Convolution layer, filters are randomly selected till we obtain the filter that is relevant to us. Convolve then also have strides which help us to detect the edge from the given image by moving pixel by pixel and detecting a sudden change in data or numbers for an edge.
✅ Feature map is the output of one filter applied to the previous layer. A given filter is moved by one pixel at a time across the entire previous layer. Each position results in an activation of the neuron and the output is collected in the feature map. It is called a feature map because it is a mapping of where a certain kind of feature is found in the image.
✅ The misc module of the scipy library is used for importing a random image, which helps us for training and testing purposes.
✅ The imshow() function is used to show us the image in the matplotlib library.
✅ The Convolve() function of the numpy module is used for using the Convolve method.
✅ The argument that is used to help us in changing the color of the image in the imshow() function is cmap.