#Day19
#Summer_Program
17 June 2021
Summary:
✅ LeNet is a convolutional neural network structure that consists of multiple Convolution, Pooling, and Fully connected layers. 
✅ It has 3 convolution layers, two average pooling layers, and two fully connected layers with a softmax classifier.
✅ AlexNet is a convolutional neural network is a unique architecture. 
✅ AlexNet consists of 5 convolutional layers, 3 max-pooling layers, 2 normalization layers, 2 fully connected layers, and 1 softmax layer.
✅ softmax() is used for multiple outputs. 
✅ Both VGG16 and VGG119 are the varients of VGG architecture in CNN which are network architectures developed by Oxford.
✅ VGG16 there is a total of 16 layers whereas in the VGG19 model we have a total of 19 layers.
✅ The use of Keras preprocessing functions are as follows.
✅ ImageDataGenerator - transforms each image in the batch by a series of random translations, rotations, etc. in short, Generation of more amount of images from the given dataset by cropping resizing, etc.

✅ Sequential - The function that we used in creating the model.
✅ Dense - Addition of the layers to the neural network.
✅ Adadelta optimizer is a type of optimizer that adapts learning rates based on a moving window of gradient updates.
✅ We can test the model while it is trained by using the validation data.
-----> We test the model while it is trained using model.fit(x_train,y_train,batch_size = batch_size,epochs =epochs, validation_data= (x_test,y_test),shuffle = True).
✅ Evaluate function is used to evaluate the performance of the trained model.
✅ Combination of Convolution, Relu, and Pooling is known as CRP.
✅ To add an image in the app we use container:
DecorationImage(image = NetworkImage(" image's URL"))
✅ To add multiple widgets in our app we can use row() and Column() which support the list of children.
✅ To change the theme, we use theme property and ThemeData(). for ex: Theme.ThemeData.dark()
✅ Row widget is used to arrange widgets horizontally and a Column widget is used to arrange widgets vertically.
✅ transform.rotate() is used to rotate image. for Flipping an image on its X or Y axis: we use Matrix4.rotationX, Matrix4.rotationY.

✅ Using Decorators property we can decorate any text or images
✅ The floating action button is a button at the bottom right corner /circular icon button that hovers over content to promote a primary action in the application mostly used inside scaffold property. Similar to other buttons we have on press property for events and child property also.