#Day15
#Summer_Program
09 June 2021
Summary - Morning:
✅ A Dockerfile is a text document that helps in building a custom image. It contains all the commands to be executed at build time to assemble an image and also those user could call on the command line at runtime. We create an automated image that executes several specified command-line instructions in succession.
Commit command does not provide this level of automation to run a custom command at runtime to create an application-based image.

✅ Difference between CMD & RUN command in Dockerfile: RUN command is used to execute the specified commands during the build time of the image whereas, CMD command is used to run a command at runtime of docker container.

✅ Adaptive learning is auto adjustment of the hyper parameters so as to find the weight and bias for the minimum loss and hence maximum accuracy with less CPU time consumption.

✅ Epoch is one complete cycle of training a dataset going forward and backward through the whole training data. Epochs help in increasing the accuracy by training the dataset with different pattern to generalize the result.

✅ Learning Rate is the hyper parameter which determines how quickly model learns, the speed at with weights and bias back propagates, adjust and then feed forward to compute loss. Very small learning rate may result in a long training process, whereas very large value may result in unstable training process so choosing the correct learning rate is also crucial in creating the better model.

✅ Optimizers are guides which determine we are going in the right direction to minimize the losses and optimize the predictions.

Summary - Evening:
✅ If a program like a python can able to tell what is there is a picture 🖼️ just like how we able to see through our eyes then this can be achieved by, CNN a type of model by which we can able to train a model for images / Video's identification/processing.

✅ Flatten layer is one where we can able to see the record in 1D. In terms of image, one image = 1 record containing pixels.

✅ If we have a model then it can detect only one object. If we have more features in our data set then we need lots of observations also so that our model will be giving good accuracy.

✅ Image, video, music can be stored in a file. Then this file is called a dataset because all these 3 elements can't be stored in excel like how we store text files.

✅ We use the sigmoid function in the last layer of NN if we use binary classification like model (i.e 2 outputs )

✅ We will train our data set by splitting it into 2 parts for training and testing. Since Videos and Images are stored can't be stored in excel .so we make 2 folders and split the image and Store it in 2 parts and then use the location of that filter to our train and test our model.

✅ In Supervised learning, we know output already.

✅ We need to crop our image to train our data set based on what we need eg: hand, face, etc.

✅ Folder name = target 🎯 value if we are going any Usecase to predict face, video, etc.

✅ No feature should have no rows. So if we consider images if our images are in different sizes then we need to crop them this can be achieved with the help of reshaping function.

✅ The convolutional layer can help in reshaping if we got any other image size and resolve it.

✅ Adam optimizer by which it can hit and run itself on a fly which is a concept for helping for finding out loss.

✅ With 1 single image by changing its angle we can able to generate more images. It helps to increase our data set.

✅ Image data generator:(Image_Data_Generator) is an extra function available in Keras by which we can able to rotate, resize, zoom, flipping images for getting more image data generated.