#SummerTraining2021
Session 6: 27th May 2021
Summary:

🔰1. A cost function is also known as an error function. The cost function is the function that tells us about the error in the output produced by the model by finding the difference between the calculated and observed output.  
🔰2. It measures the performance of a Machine Learning model for given data.
🔰3. Model is exactly like expression more and more experience it gets more accurate it becomes. The significance of the minimum error is that if we have the minimum, we have a more accurate model that helps real life.

🔰4. Feature selection can be defined as a process/algorithm by which most relevant features are selected which are most important and plays a vital role in correlation.

🔰5. Feature selection is either done manually or automatically using programs.
🔰6. For manual Feature Selection, you have to be the domain expert for doing this stuff. 

🔰7. Multi-linear Regression is the regression method in which we have multiple features.

🔰8.Simple linear regression we have only one x variable or only features and one y variable whereas in multilinear regression we have multiple features or more than one x variable and one y variable. Due to this feature selection concept come into play. and so, Features needed to be selected as they decide the prediction of the model.
🔰9.Model selection depends on a particular data set relevant model is being selected to give efficient results.
🔰10. train_test_split function is used to split the data into testing data & training data so that after model creation we could check the accuracy of the model.
🔰11. The test_size describes the percentage of data that has to be split for testing purposes whereas random_state randomly chooses records from the dataset for testing.
🔰12.It gives random data while splitting and ensures the randomness is the same for both the test and trained sets.
🔰13. Matplotlib is a python library used for Exploratory Data Analysis in Machine Learning
🔰14.Scatter function will draw a scatter plot whereas the plot function will plot a line graph.